Docs + Bloomberg Posting (#29)
merqube/merqube-client-lib: docs/CreatingIndices.md

# Creating Indices

This client library comes with a library of index templates.
The number of templates will grow.
Currently, there are two templates:

1. Single equity total return indices - creates a single stock total return index on any RIC (Reuters). More input sources will be supported in the future.
1. Multiple equity (pre-corax adjusted) basket - creates an equity basket where the client provides rebalance portfolios

## Permissions
As discussed in (Overview), customer indices are in `namespaces`.
Your API key has access to create indices in one or more namespaces.

The official process and website page for creating, viewing, and deleting API Keys is coming - and it will allow you to view the permissions associated with each key.
A customer may have multiple namespaces for a variety of reasons (different internal teams, logical partitioning, etc).
Every manifest must specify the `namespace` that the index is to be created in.

## Bloomberg Tickers

> Unfortunately, MerQube does not have API access to Bloomberg. Creating tickers to push your index levels to is currently a manual process.

Reviewer: Put the blame on BBG
```suggestion
Unfortunately, Bloomberg does not provide MerQube API access to create tickers. Creating tickers to push your index levels to is currently a manual process.
```
